
You lay all of the pieces that you have collected, including the splinter, on the table. You do not know what to do now. Noone had ever gotten this far and come back alive before and you had never learned to create weapons, let alone repair them. Luckily for you, the pieces started to move on their own. Each putting themselves back into their original places. At each point where the Decimator and Typhoon Arrow was broken, there was soft blue light. Once the light went away, what was left on the table were the fully repaired Decimator and Typhoon Arrow.

You pick up the bow and sling it over your shoulder and you hold the arrow in your hand. You walk over to the other side of the atrium and look out upon a sea of gold. At the far side of what you assumed to be the throne room, you see it. The dragon. Grakor! The thing you have been come this far to kill. 

You had seen him many times before, but never from this close. You were surprised by just how enormous he was. He was huge compared to the figure that was kneeling next to him.

Wait..
What?
There is someone else here.
How?
Why?

You decide that you need to get a closer look at this mystery person. You walk around the large upper level of the throne room to get a better look. Once you reach a good vantage point, you look closely at the person. They are wearing a cloak, so you cannot see their face, but you do see something in front of them. A large bowl, with some sort of black liquid inside of it. You lean over the edge to try and get a better look at the bowl and what you saw shocked you. As soon as you recognized bowl, you fell off of the edge and onto a large mound of gold below you.

The sudden sound made the figure jump and look towards you. You recognized the person's face. It was the woman from the market, who nearly trampled you for a bowl. The bowl that she was currently using. At the same moment, the dragon opened its eyes.

"You fool," the woman yelled at you, "Look at what you have d...."

The dragon bit down on the woman with the might of thousand men.

You quickly got up and started to run to get distance between you and the dragon to fire off your shot.

You look over your shoulder and you see the dragon swallow while looking at you. This is your shot. You nock the Typhoon Arrow and draw back the Decimator. You aim for the heart and then release.

The arrow flies through the air and plunges itself deep into the dragon, piecring its heart, leaving a small amount of the arrow still sticking out of the dragon's scales.

You wait to see if the dragon will fall over or show some sign of fatal injury, but the arrow seems to only have caused the dragon to become angrier.

You realize that your only way of surviving this will be to fight, so you drop the Decimator and charge the dragon.

What do you choose to do?