
After reading everything that you needed to know, you put away "A Brief History of Champions Past" and then went to the front desk to check out "Enchantments and Spells: 101". 

At the front desk, the librarian asks for you library card again to check ot the book. After analyzing the identification number on the card, the librarian informs you that the book is now checked out under your name and that your intelligence level has increased from 10 to 11 and that if you keep learning, you will be able to access more of what the library has to offer.

After your time at the library, you quickly finish the errands that your mother sent you to town for and hurry home. As you approach your home, you can see your dad working in the fields, harvesting the last batches of wheat for the season. You enter the house and your mother greets you from the kitchen. You can hear your two younger siblings playing a few rooms down. You go over to your mother and hand her the items you had retrieved from the market for her.
"How was the market today sweetie?"
"It was the same as usual. Everyone was rushing here and there trying to find the best deals on the items that weren't burnt in the dragons last attack. I almost got trampled by this one lady who was hellbent on getting a bowl. Can you believe that?"
"Unfortunately, yes. I am sorry to put you through so much trouble, but your father needed to finish the harvest and I would never leave you alone with those two little rascals," she said as she gestured with her head towards the room where your siblings were playing. "They would tear you to pieces."
"Thanks for the words of encouragement, mom."
"You know that I am messing with you."
"I know."
"Anything else interesting happen in town today?"
"Well, it's about the time of the year where the champion is chosen and no one has volunteered."
"Strange."
"I know. The promises of glory and fame must have lost their glimmer after the past few champions didn't return. Because of this, it is rumored that there will be a random drawing this year. Do you think I will be picked?"
"If there is a random drawing, it is possible that you will get picked, but even if you do, do you think that you are ready for that kind of burden?"
"Absolutely! While I was in town today, I read up on past champions and I learned a bit of magic."
"Thats cool and all, but learning something small does not mean that you are ready to go on an adventure."
"Maybe not, but there was something else that I learned at the library. The splinter that has been passed down in our family for generations was a piece of the Decimator!"
"Are you sure? That old piece of wood doesn't seem like it could do anything except kindle a fire."
"I am positive. The etchings on the side of splinter match the etchings on the Decimator. I can't help but feel like its a sign that I am going to be the next champion."
"I would not get your hopes up. The likelyhood of your name being randomly selected is extremely small due to the population size of Elyria. Unless you volunteered" your mother jokingly remarked as she turned back to finish making dinner.