Welcome to "Lazlo's Adventure for The Dragon's Heart"

Long ago, the mighty dragon Grakor inhabited the desolate land of Acostia. During the summer months, which lasted 8 months due to Acostia's position along the equator, Grakor would scavenge the surrounding lands in search for treasure, ravaging the nearby lands of Elyria the most because of their ample supply of gold. During the winter, Grakor would fall into a deep slumber, but it is rumored that even while unconscious, the dragon can still sense the presence of intruders. 
After a millenia of torment at the claws of this beast, the Elyrians finally decided that they had had enough of Grakor's treachery. They devised a plan to kill the dragon using a historic and legendary bow known as the Decimator with its accompanying Typhoon Arrow. Unfortunately, the bow and arrow were broken by Grakor a few centuries earlier, when he realized their power and he hid the pieces throughout his wasteland in order to watch over whomever dare try to reforge the powerful weapon. 
Each year, during the dragon's months of slumber, the Elyrians would send out one warrior to try and recover the pieces of the broken weapon, but each came back empty handed, or did not come back at all. Those that did come back told of how they had found one or two pieces by the end of the four months, but the pieces magically disappeared, only to be found again in the same spot the next year, making it seem that all the pieces (the two halves of the Decimator, the Pure String of the Elves, and the Typhoon Arrow shaft, flethching, and broadhead) had to be found and put together within the four month window.
However, Grakor did not hide all of the pieces. When the dragon snapped the bow in two, a splinter fell to the ground in front of the house of an Elyrian farmer. The farmer analyzed the splinter, noticing the small etchings on the smooth face of it. He realized that this splinter may be important, but did not know what for, so he kept it and it was passed on for generations. Now the splinter falls into the possession of you, a shy, yet strong-willed, young man named Lazlo, seeking a way to escape the monotony of the farm-life.
While running errands for your mother in the market one day, you overheard people talking about who would be picked as this year's champion. It had been over a century since the search began for the missing pieces and you wondered if there was any hope that one day all the pieces would finally be found. Many Elyrians had stopped volunteering to be champion and you overheard another person say that no one had volunteered this year and that because of the this, the town leaders would randomly select a champion this year.

You are currently in town. You may choose to go:
1. Home
2. Library
