
Seeing an opportunity to strike, you run forward and jump, plunging your sword deep into Grakor's side. This does not kill the dragon, but it put you into the perfect position to reach the end of the Typhoon Arrow. You grab hold of the piece that is sticking out and you pull on it as hard as you can. The arrow reluctantly comes free and you fall backwards as a fountain of blood comes rushing out of the wound. The arrow had been holding everything together inside of the dragon and dislodging it caused fatal internal bleeding.

You quickly move out of the way as Grakor falls over, nearly landing on top of you.

You stand up, covered in blood, and look at the lifeless body of the dragon. It is saddening to see such a majestic creature die, but what Grakor had done could not go unavenged.

Before you leave the chamber, you gather as much gold as you could.

Once you left the chamber and had walked all the way down the steps, you pitched camp. You quickly performed Resting Power on yourself and fell to sleep.

The next morning, you gathered all of your belongings and began your journey back to Elyria. You were excited to finally go home, yet sad at the thought of no longer being on an adventure.

...

It took you about a month and a half to reach the gates of Elyria. When you arrived, a huge crowd of people greeted you, waiting to hear of your adventure. they had guessed that you had defeated Grakor, since the four months of the dragon's slumber had come to an end and there had been no sign of him. You rode straight through town and went straight home. Your parents were ecstatic to see you and your mother cried for what seemed like an eternity. 

Later that day, representatives from the town council came to your house to hear of the news. You invite them in and sit down with them. You recite the story of your adventure and by the end, the representatives are thoroughly impressed with your hard work, intellect, and bravery. They then tell you that there will be a celebration held over the course of the next week in your honor and insist that you make an appearance. You agree and the representatives went on their way.

Over the next week, there were many feasts and activities to celebrate this glorious occasion. On one of the days, the entire town came together to hear of your adventure. You are not much of a public speaker, but the people did not care when you stumbled over your words here and there.

After the week of celebration, the council hired a stonemason to make a statue of you. They asked what you wanted on the base of the statue and you replied that your name, "Lazlo", is all that you wanted in order to not boast.

After another week or two had passed, you remembered that you had not returned "Enchantments and Spells: 101" to the library. You walked into town and found the library. Once inside, you walked over the librarian at the front desk and asked to return a book. They asked for the book and your library card and you handed them both. Once the book was checked in, the librarian informed you that you now had access to the rest of the library and there was a new book added to library about you.

The librarian handed you the book and the titled read thus:

"Lazlo's Adventure for the Dragon's Heart"