
You quickly rush up to your room and grab the box that contains the Decimator splinter. You carefully remove it from its box and put it inside of a small pouch. You then run downstairs and rush out the door, yelling behind you "THANKS FOR THE IDEA!"

You run as fast as you can into town and for the second time, you run towards the town center. There you spot the large building made out of marble and immediately start running towards it. This building is the hub for all champions and it is there that you are about to volunteer.

You run up to building and open the doors. The inside is completely made of white marble with enlays of gold. If it wasn't of for your excitement, you would be staring at amazement at the craftsmanship that went into making a building such as this. You then dash to the counter and between breathes speak the words, "I .. want to .. volunteer!"

"Seriously?" asked the woman behind the counter. "You don't look like a warrior."
"Maybe not," you reply having finally caught your breath, "but I have something that no other champion had."
"Really. What would that be?"

You then pull out the sack containing the splinter and empty its contents on the counter. The woman immediately grabs the piece of wood and starts analyzing it.

"Do you know what this is?" she asked excitedly.
"It's a piece of the Decimator"
"Where did you find this? How did you find this? It is so small. I didn't think there were any pieces to find that were this small."
"Neither did I. This splinter fell onto the road leading up to my family's farm ages ago. It was passed on from generation to generation in hope that it would have some meaning or value. I didn't know until today that it was a piece of the Decimator."
"Let's all be glad that your ancestors didn't throw it away. We would never have been able to find a piece this small."

The woman paused, then looked at you. She handed the splinter back to you and said, "If you want to volunteer, you will need to fill out some paperwork."
"YES!" you exclaim to yourself.
The woman reached under the counter and pulled out a large stack of papers and handed them to you.
"These are all of the files you will have to fill out. We have a waiting area you can sit in while you do so. Usually you would have company, but this place has lost a lot of traffic."

You take the stack of papers and walk over to the waiting area. It took you hours to finish it all, but when it was all done, you turned them in to the woman out the counter.

"Congratulations! You are now the one and only volunteer to be Elyria's next champion. Since we are not expecting any other volunteers, we can skip the formalities. Welcome to your adventure young champion! Announcements will be made tomorrow. Come by here next week, the day before the end of summer to be fitted for equipment."

You then walked home, excited but tired. When you walked into your house, your mother was waiting for you half-asleep.

You started to walk toward your room, but your mother noticed you were home.

"Did you do it?"
"Yes I did."
"Okay. Are you sure about this."
"Indeed I am."
"As long as you believe that you are ready, I will not stop you, but that does not mean I will not miss you."
"I will miss you too."

Both you and your mom then both went to their rooms to sleep.

...

Over the next week, your parents were constantly by your side. Your father started to teach you how to fight and you now knew some basics of sword fighting. Your mother cried a lot, thinking she may never see you again.

The day before summer ended, you walked into town and headed toward the Champion's Building.

There you were fitted and equiped with light armor to help fend off attackers. You were also given an elven sword to aid you on your journey. On top of the armor and weapons, you were given a bag with enough supplies to last you a few weeks and a map with the locations of the known pieces.

The next day, your family walked you to the edge of the city. There was a large crowd of Eyrians to watch your departure. Your father wished you luck and your mother hugged you goodbye.

"Be safe out there."
"I will"

You then mounted the horse, which the town provide, and you rode out of the city onto your new adventure.