
After you finish running you errands in the town, you return home to your family. As you approach your home, you can see your dad working in the fields, harvesting the last batches of wheat for the season. You enter the house and your mother greets you from the kitchen. You can hear your two younger siblings playing a few rooms down. You go over to your mother and hand her the items you had retrieved from the market for her.
"How was the market today sweetie?"
"It was the same as usual. Everyone was rushing here and there trying to find the best deals on the items that weren't burnt in the dragons last attack. I almost got trampled by this one lady who was hellbent on getting a bowl. Can you believe that?"
"Unfortunately, yes. I am sorry to put you through so much trouble, but your father needed to finish the harvest and I would never leave you alone with those two little rascals," she said as she gestured with her head towards the room where your siblings were playing. "They would tear you to pieces."
"Thanks for the words of encouragement, mom."
"You know that I am messing with you."
"I know."
"Anything else interesting happen in town today?"
"Well, it's about the time of the year where the champion is chosen and no one has volunteered."
"Strange."
"I know. The promises of glory and fame must have lost their glimmer after the past few champions didn't return. Because of this, it is rumored that there will be a random drawing this year. Do you think I will be picked?"
"If there is a random drawing, it is possible that you will get picked, but even if you do, do you think that you are ready for that kind of burden?"
"I have been waiting for this opportunity my whole life. Of course I am ready!"
"I know you have wanted this for a long time, but you have had no training. The only physical work that you have done has come from helping your father and I around the house and on the farm. I wouldn't classify that as training."
"Luckily for me, I read that all of the pieces that have been found so far were found after solving a puzzle and I am amazing at puzzles."
"That's true, but what about killing the dragon?"
"I will come to that if I get there. Tomorrow, can I go into town to the library to study about being a champion?"
"Your father could really use your help with the harvest, but if you really want to go, I will not stop you."
"Thanks mom! Your the best!"

After dinner, you head up to your room and go to sleep in order to wake up early for your excursion into town.

The next morning, you wake up early and get dressed. Your mother is waiting for you downstairs with breakfast. You quickly eat your meal, thank your mom, then run out the door. As you exit, you see your father hard at work in the fields.

Where do you choose to go?
1. Library
2. Fields